fix(provider): bump compatibility tag (#865)
canonical/craft-application: docs/reference/changelog.rst

Changelog
*********

5.6.5 (2025-08-18)
------------------

Services
========

> - Prevents the reuse of instances created before the State service by
>   updating the Provider service’s compatibility tag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Prevent the reuse of instances created before the State service by
  updating the Provider service's compatibility tag.
```

Ctrl-Shift-V, Ctrl-Shift-V!
